The following story is fictional and does
not depict any actual person or event.
In New York City's war on crime,
the worst criminal offenders
are pursued by the detectives
of the Major Case Squad.
These are their stories.
♪ "Spirit in the Sky"
by Norman Greenbaum ♪
God wants us to obey him.
God has a plan for us.
For all of us.
There's a wonderful fantasy
that there's a being up in the sky
who knows all our thoughts,
who cares about
the minutiae of our lives.
This man needs to accept the Lord
to take Jesus Christ into his heart,
to ask Jesus for strength.
Does God exist?
Let me ask you this.
Do miracles exist?
Well, I wanna show you people
my miracle.
My wife, Marjorie.
I fell in love with her
the moment I met her.
We both had the love for the Lord.
So I prayed every night that Marjorie
would fall in love with me and...
One night I asked her to marry me,
and miracle of miracles,
she said yes.
Tonight before the debate,
my wife, Marjorie.
YOUR HUSBAND IS THE DEVIL
She asked me to pray for a man.
A very intelligent man,
a genius probably,
whose teenage son is
so intellectually disabled,
that he can no longer bear
the burden of raising him.
All the intelligence in the world
would not help this man.
This man needs to pray to God,
to accept God's will,
to heal him.
God's will?
Healing power?
Genetic mutations can not be
healed through prayer.
If inflicting unbearable pain
is how your God test faith,
then he's a vindictive son of a bitch.
Calm down!
Everybody.
All right, everybody.
Calm down!
No violence!
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
자막제작 - NSC 자막팀
(http://club.nate.com/tsm)
딕테이션
김영휘(hwicool@nate.com)
싱크편집
윤선영(seedyun@nate.com)
한글번역
이준섭(spawnhero@nate.com)
빈센트 도노프리오
(로버트 고렌 형사 役)
캐쓰린 어브
(알렉산드라 임즈 형사 役)
에릭 보고시안
(대니 로스 경감 役)
Law & Order CI
6x15 Brother's Keeper
번역수정
김난주(nanjidoo@nate.com)
한글교정
도정원(winniedo@nate.com)
ORIGINAL AIR DATE ON NBC: 2007/02/20
Marjorie Riggins.
Wife of Reverend Cal Riggins.
Her wallet's here, jewelry.
Looks like she took a bad fall.
It's an awful lot of blood for a fall.
Head wounds, they bleed.
Any idea why the Reverend's wife
was even in this stairwell?
The audience stormed
the debate stage.
She must have run
for the backstage stairs
and forgotten which way to go.
Which way should she have gone?
Upstairs.
Not down to the green room.
These footprints, campus security?
No. Her husband and his entourage.
They were praying over her
when we got here.
They might have moved the body.
It's obviously been composed.
Maybe. We had our hands full.
I sent her people away
as soon as I got here.
There's a void in the blood spatter here.
Something was removed.
Not while we were here.
Well, bag this PDA separately,
and get it back to us ASAP.
Besides her people,
who had access to this staircase?
VIPs only.
I'll get you the list.
Oh, that, that's a smudge.
Excuse me.
Any idea where her people went?
They're in the green room,
praying.
What happened is that
Dr. Corliss denounced our God.
And all hell broke loose?
Something like that, yes.
I rushed Marjorie to the side exit.
I told her to wait right there,
and then I went to
protect Reverend Cal.
It's Cal. It's alright.
We can deal with this.
If the Reverend doesn't mind, it's...
It's OK, elder Roberts.
She's my wife.
And I got there too late.
Did you see her fall, Reverend?
No, I made eye contact from the stage,
and then, there was the commotion,
and then, she must have panicked.
Because she went down
the stairs herself, and the...
Taking the stairs is
a sign of panic?
Oh, it's for her. Because
she has labyrinthitis which is...
Causes vertigo.
There's medication for that.
Yes, there is.
But she said it made her feel stupid.
She'd rather be dizzy than stupid.
especially when she was practicing.
She was a doctor?
She was a pediatric ophthalmologist.
And the labyrinthitis,
what triggered it?
She's had it her whole life.
She had trouble with motion and...
This damn tour,
it's so much traveling and...
She fainted earlier tonight.
Was she under any particular stress?
Did you see or hear anyone
on the stairs?
No.
We went up the stairs,
and when we realized
Marjorie wasn't there,
I went to look for her,
and I found her.
Did you move her body?
No, I didn't move her body.
I ran after Cal.
Her body was in such a peaceful pose.
I mean, for suffering such a trauma.
I did it.
I thought she was still alive,
so I picked up her head
and cradled her
and started praying for her.
And that's when Dr. Corliss came.
And he said she was gone.
Dr. Corliss.
You'll probably find him
outside the auditorium.
He smokes.
His whole flock praying,
Riggins was laying hands on her,
then suddenly faith be damned.
They ran for me and
wanted medical expertise.
After I told them she was gone.
They posed her hands in prayer.
Her husband told us
she didn't head to the stairs
until the melee broke out.
It's possible.
I didn't see her.
After his crusaders stormed the stage,
I, I cut out.
His crusaders,
did you recognize them?
He has some zealots following the tour.
We were on a ten-city tour,
Old time oratory.
Creationism versus evolution.
God versus no God.
I'm trying to save the country
from intelligent design.
And sell your book?
He's after the big prize.
Beat back the devil.
Become the next Billy Graham.
It's hard to die from falling
down the stairs.
It's basically a series of 8-inch falls.
Your natural instincts
is to cover your head.
- But Marjorie didn't.
- No.
And I found some trauma
I don't associate with the fall.
Tiny petechial hemorrhages
in the eyes and brain,
You usually see those in children
with shaken baby syndrome.
So, you're saying
someone shook her violently.
Yeah, maybe.
I'll know better by tomorrow,
if bruises appear on her arms
where somebody hoisted her up.
And, shook her and then threw her
down headfirst.
- She was murdered.
- Yeah, probably.
But with her labyrinthitis,
it won't be hard to find expert witnesses
who attribute her injuries
to her extreme vertigo.
If her killer knew about her labyrinthitis
then he give himself a good cover story.
Oh, boy, this preacher,
just another big phony.
You know, he wants a Constitutional
amendment to ban gay marriage.
All right. Sure like to see
what goes on in that bedroom.
Why are you defending him?
I'm not defending him.
They're charlatans these people.
He's supposed to be a believer,
in which case he's supposed to believe
that God had a reason
for her death, right?
So, why is he crying?
What is he doing here?
Dr. Sylveste.
I see the patient's
her usual shy self.
No!
- Bobby.
- Yes.
- I wanna go back to my room.
- I... I know, mom.
You know, everybody
tiptoes around me.
You know why,
because on my chart, it says,
it says that I'm a schizophrenic.
So, in that case,
why don't they just send me back
to my room in the nut house,
not a hospital, not a hospice?
You're almost there, Mrs. Goren.
She's handling the chemo very well.
Come on, I really am.
Look at this.
Now, listen, I am done with all of this.
You tell them that.
- OK, I'll do that.
- Good.
I'll tell them.
I'll do that, OK?
We're gonna go outside
for a minute, OK?
If your brother were here,
I wouldn't have gone through all this.
Ma, I'm just gonna be out here.
He, he would have taken care of me.
Rodgers says the bruise
showed up on Marjorie's arms.
It's a homicide.
So CSU have anything?
That stairway smudge tested
positive for her blood.
No way it happened in the fall.
How many people had
access to the stairwell?
There was a VIP list.
Corliss didn't have anyone.
The Reverend had an entourage.
His people vouch for
all the names except one.
A Mr. Diego.
Marjorie left him a comp
and a backstage pass.
She listed him
as a friend of the church.
You're not convinced.
I checked her PDA,
found his cell number.
When you call it, Diego directs
you to a web site,
because as he says,
seeing is believing.
You're kidding.
Rend this hunk. Diego.
By the hour or by the night.
Muscular, tanned, relentless.
We can all read, captain.
What would a preacher's wife
want with a rent boy?
Mr. Diego's web site is purely
in the realm of personal fantasy.
No services are exchanged for.
My partner was in Vice for five years.
Chelsea for two of those years.
You're not my first rent boy, Diego.
Now, we don't have to
shut down you web site.
We just wanna know why Reverend
Cal's wife has your name in her PDA.
Listen, I swear to you.
I never even met the woman.
And she left you a backstage
pass for the debate,
the night she died.
Is that because you're a big fan of
intelligent design?
Is, is that what it is?
She's an ophthalmologist.
I wrote her a letter about my nephew.
He's going blind, and
he can't afford the surgery.
I asked her to waive her surgical fee
as an act of Christian charity.
But you don't have a nephew.
Oh... uh... I get it.
You've seen that DVD.
The DVD, the one in the envelope,
that you left for her.
I hope you liked my work, detective.
It was impressive.
So, did you stay through the melee?
No, I put the DVD on the chair,
watched her pick it up,
then I left for a session.
But if you ask my client, discretely,
I am sure that he will confirm that.
- This DVD, was it for blackmail?
- No.
I mean, not for money.
The preacher is spear-heading a Constitutional
amendment to ban gay marriage.
I just wanted her to get Cal to shut up
about homosexuality
being the work of Satan.
How long has Riggins been your client?
Three years.
He calls me when
he comes to New York.
He flew me to Miami
a couple of times, and Vegas.
How did he pay and
what exactly did you do for him?
Plastic at first and cash.
And I do whatever he wants me to do.
But he likes crystal meth,
especially booty bumps.
- Booty bumps.
- That's when you actually thought...
- I know what they are.
- All right.
The man is one of the most
self-loathing guys I've ever met.
- And did he loathe you, too?
- Oh, yeah.
Call me names. I thought
he was gonna kill me once.
But then, you know,
turned a song, and we...
Well, you saw the footage.
Well, we're gonna
need a copy of this DVD.
You don't have it.
We appreciate your telling us about it.
Oh, that's not fair.
I thought...
Detectives, we may be
able to produce a copy.
But that's subject to negotiation.
My client's invoking.
I miss Vice.
People doing stuff for money.
Guys like this, I get them.
OK, then do you get any sense
Diego could have killed Marjorie Riggins?
Why would he?
He wanted Marjorie
to pressure her husband.
Killing her doesn't get him anything.
It wasn't him.
It was whoever took the DVD.
The killer wanted to make sure
that she never had a chance to watch it.
Someone from the church.
Maybe the Reverend himself.
Where is he?
He's staying at their new hundred
million dollar evangelical institute.
Pay him a condolence call.
The guest list?
Reverend, your cup runneth over.
Oh, I thought my staff
already went over there.
There's just one odd man out.
This one. Do you know him?
No. I don't believe I do.
He told us you've been his client
for the last three years.
His client?
I don't think so.
Maybe he works in accounting
or he's doing around here...
He's been in touch with your wife.
She left him a backstage pass.
He claims to know you personally.
Well, a lot of people
claim to know me personally.
Did you say his name?
Diego? We have other photos.
You know, there is a Diego
that is a professional massage
therapist, but I...
It's so dark in those rooms,
so I can't...
Do you have a massage therapist?
Is he your massage therapist?
I can't say for sure.
I'm really sorry, detectives,
that I can't be more helpful.
Actually, it's always helpful
when we know someone's lying to us.
There seem to be phone calls
from your cell to his.
Actually, this is...
You know what? This is Diego.
Yeah, it's funny.
The back pain I get
is so crippling
that I can't even think.
I just lay there,
and I close my eyes...
And wait for that booty bump?
There's a lady in the room, detective.
I'll wait outside.
How is he?
He seems almost stricken.
It's such a terrible loss,
for all of us.
We're a family.
In this family, who handles
the Reverend's credit card bills?
Well, I do.
Because sometimes
when something like this occurs,
some predators try to open accounts
using the deceased's identity.
You have to notify...
Oh, I know, I already did.
I learned my lesson the last time.
The last time?
Well, you know, the old imp is
always trying to find a way in.
Who is the old imp?
I'm sorry. That's what my mother
used to call him.
The devil is the modern term.
Like that man who cloned
the Reverend's credit card.
That's something an imp would do,
don't you think?
Ah... Someone cloned his card?
- Identity theft?
- No, it was just the one.
But you know what they used it for?
Prostitutes.
He hit the roof when I told him.
I'll bet he did.
I don't know anything about any DVD.
Listen, I've lost my wife.
Why are you doing this now?
The medical examiner believes
that your wife was murdered, Reverend.
Do you know anyone who
would want to kill your wife
or hurt you by killing her?
Of course, I have enemies.
What kind of enemies?
Demons.
Your demons?
Are they inside,
or are they outside?
Both.
Detectives,
If you'll excuse us please,
the Reverend has an urgent meeting.
I'm sorry, forgive me.
All right. That was Ross.
Diego's lawyer called.
His apartment was broken into.
His laptop and webcams were stolen
while he was with us.
No DVD.
And the Reverend swears
that he knows nothing about a DVD.
Which means we're looking for something
that may not exist.
There might be a paper trail
linking him to Diego.
Riggins gave his secretary
some cover story about identity theft,
but someone in the church
must be onto him.
Hey, Bobby.
What are you doing here?
Church people.
They're good people, man.
Yeah, I know.
They get me clean, feed me.
I would have been dead long time ago,
if it weren't for them.
I mean it.
How you doing?
So, how's mom?
My phone?
No, I got into a thing
with the phone company.
If you left me messages,
I'm sure they have them,
- but they won't let me access them.
- Yeah, sure.
So, how sick is she?
She's not good.
I've been looking into experimental...
Just try prayer, Bobby.
It works miracles.
Mom's always talking about you.
She always asking me, why didn't I
become a scientist like you?
She always believed in me.
I gotta go.
That's my old lady over there.
She's a little shy.
That woman...
Is that your wife?
That's, that's my partner.
- So what are you waiting for?
- No, it's not that kind of partner.
Look, I'm going to see mom on Sunday.
I'm thinking that maybe
we could go together and see her.
You know, we could meet here.
Yeah, I know, it's her birthday, right?
Yeah.
No, man, I don't think so.
I got, you know,
- I'm a little short this month.
- Yeah, well, look... uh...
That's alright, alright.
It's OK. Look, here.
Hey, look, just take this, alright?
Thanks.
I'm gonna pay you
back on Sunday, OK? Huh?
So, we meet right here?
Crack of noon?
- I'll give you my coat.
- No, I don't...
Yeah, you're cold, man.
- Sure you don't need it?
- Yeah, don't be silly.
- It's nice, it's nice.
- Yeah, a good coat.
So, uh...
I'm gonna put my card
in your pocket here.
I want you to call me if...
if you need anything,
call me and ask me, OK?
But I'll see you here. Noon.
I'll be here.
Thanks, bro.
Alright.
Come here, baby.
The DA says no probable cause.
You're asking for a search warrant based
on the guesswork of a gay male escort,
who may have been blackmailing Riggins.
- It's a tough sell.
- Yeah, but doesn't matter.
'Cause everyone in the church denies
they ever saw the DVD.
And if anybody did take it,
- they would have destroyed it by now.
- Thanks.
Riggins' credit card company
confirmed the theft.
They deactivated the account,
refunded the money,
and issued a new number.
That doesn't mean they
weren't his charges.
It just means that someone convinced
the credit card company to write them off.
We're hitting a church wall.
His people are gonna
protect the Reverend.
Did anyone else see Marjorie's body
before campus security arrived?
Dr. Corliss.
Must be frustrating.
Try to conduct an investigation
within a group
that's entirely invested in irrationality.
Ah, well, homicides are
often irrational, as well.
So, Marjorie's death
has been ruled a homicide?
Yeah, it looks that way.
These people, they're fanatics.
You seem to assume that the murder
had to do with someone at the church.
There're also agnostics
and atheist at the debate.
I'm sorry. Of course, you're right.
I guess my bias against
the Religious Right is surfacing.
I resent the way they treated
Marjorie on the tour.
They treated her badly?
A brilliant doctor.
They turned her into a prop.
Well, we're more interested in
what you remember after you found her.
She was given a DVD that night.
It didn't turn up with her belongings.
I didn't see a DVD.
Everything was scattered
around the stairs.
How about an envelope?
Yes, the Reverend had one, manila.
He was clutching it.
G.K. Chesterton, C.S. Lewis.
And Ripped boys magazine,
which one of these things
is not like the others.
Uh, excuse me,
what are you people doing here?
Executing a search warrant.
You're welcome to stay.
We're looking for the DVD
that Diego said he gave to your wife.
Well, as I told you before, Miss,
I don't know anything about it, so...
Turns out Diego was secretly
taping your massages.
He gave Marjorie a copy.
What have I done?
You made yourself a pretty good
suspect for her murder.
Did Marjorie see it?
You tell us.
Did she mention it to you?
No.
Before the debate,
she came up into the green room.
Then she asked me
if I knew Diego.
And you said no.
I couldn't tell her.
'Cause I knew that God was gonna
punish me for what I was doing.
'Cause I knew
that it was wrong.
But you couldn't stop?
No, I couldn't stop.
I'm so sorry, Marjorie.
I hear you're looking for a DVD.
You're wasting your time.
It's gone.
You knew about it?
Well, then you must have taken it out
from Marjorie after she was killed.
Is that true?
Cal, I told you not to talk to the police
or to listen to them.
You have nothing to worry about,
do you understand?
Now I'm gonna call the lawyer.
Tell you what,
why don't you just have him
meet you downtown?
Yes, I knew about the sickness
that Cal was suffering.
I saw the credit card receipts.
I paid some of these people
to stay away from him.
Did you talk to Marjorie Riggins
about Diego?
I told her that a man was stalking Cal
and that we were taking care of it.
How were you taking care of it?
What are you implying?
Maybe you weren't the first person
to find Marjorie's body.
Maybe you were the last person
to see her alive.
How can you even think that?
You took the DVD. Why?
There was no DVD.
It never existed.
Really? That's too bad for you,
because Diego kept a copy
in a safe deposit box.
I don't know if you knew that.
We have it here.
I can play it for you here,
now, if you like.
No.
- No.
- Here, catch, just.
Something wrong with your arm?
I have a frozen shoulder.
Rotator cuff thing?
You should have told us.
Because, whoever killed Marjorie,
shook her like a rag doll.
And you don't have the strength.
What I'm struggling to understand here
is why you are more suspicious of us
than of a blackmailing prostitute.
Because he has an alibi.
He left before the debate began.
Hmm... well, not according to this.
You see, one of our congregates
recorded parts of the debate
on her cell phone
including the audience.
And if you'll notice,
sitting in the back row is...
Diego.
Maybe, if you weren't
so eager to prosecute
one of our flock for
Marjorie Riggins murder here,
might not have overlooked
the real killer.
Frank will be here.
He would never forget my birthday.
- Why don't you open your present?
- No, I want to wait.
He'll be here.
Bobby?
Have you seen Frank?
How... how is he?
What did he say?
He's fine.
Oh, good, good, of course he is.
He said that he's cleaning
himself up.
Ah... Frank never caught a break.
You had all the luck.
Where was he?
He was coming out of a church.
You see that.
He's going back to God.
Never underestimate your brother.
I was just...
I'm just gonna close my eyes,
a little bit.
I already told you, I put the DVD
on doctor Riggins' chair,
then I left.
OK, what is this about, detective?
We have footage showing Diego sitting
in the audience during the debate,
which means, Diego,
you could have been in that auditorium
at the time of Marjorie Riggins' death.
OK.
True story.
I stayed for a few minutes.
I just wanted to make
eye contact with Cal.
And I wanted to see that bastard squirm.
But I left, I was gone by quarter to 8.
I went to a restaurant
and I had dinner with my Mom.
And I was hoping that
we could keep her out of this.
You despise Reverend so much.
Why take him on as a client
in the first place?
I didn't know who he was
in the beginning.
- He used an alias?
- Yeah, get this.
He called himself James Corliss.
Did you look into that new treatment
that I was talking about?
Radiation-carrying monoclonal antibodies.
The studies are ongoing.
Yeah, but the phase 1 tests,
they were very promising for someone
with my mother's type of cancer,
I mean, if you could get her into a trial...
They won't take her in a clinical trial.
Her cancer is advanced, and
her mental health is an issue.
Well, then forget the trial.
Just get the treatment.
The FDA hasn't approved it yet.
Well, then apply for
the compassionate use exception.
Look, she's got no other option.
Compassionate use.
I'm afraid there may not be enough time.
Well, I've been talking to
someone at the FDA,
- they could help expedite...
- Mr. Goren, please.
You should know your friend can help.
But the cost is prohibitive.
It's not covered by medicate.
The entire expense would have
to come out of pocket.
- How much?
- Minimum? 5,000-6,000 dollars.
For the whole treatment?
No, per month.
Just because the science exist
doesn't always make it
the best choice for the family.
Sometimes we have to rely on faith.
Like this evening.
Just before the debate,
my wife came to me,
asked me to pray for a man.
A very intelligent man.
A genius probably,
whose teenage son is
so intellectually disabled,
that he can no longer bear
the burden of raising him.
And I told Marjorie,
all the intelligence in the world
will not help this man.
This man needs to accept the Lord.
He needs to pray to God,
to accept God's will,
to heal him.
God's will?
Healing power?
Genetic mutation cannot be healed
through prayer.
If inflicting unbearable pain is
how your God test faith,
then he's a vindictive son of bitch.
That's the man of reason.
They debated dozens of times before.
Riggins must have really hit a hot button
to make Corliss lose control.
If those two hate each other so much,
why tour together?
Riggins is driven
to convert the non-believer.
What Corliss gets out of it,
who knows.
He gets paid for it.
He gets 10 grand a debate.
Corliss is in it for the money.
He's a successful, single doctor,
no dependents,
has a modest life style.
How much cash could he need?
James Corliss pays his bills on time.
No debts, no mortgage.
He's divorced.
What about alimony?
Nope, his ex remarried in '92.
Lives in Toronto.
No expenses out of the ordinary
except for this.
A monthly check to Alminia S. Perez.
Starting in 1990 for $2,200.
Regular increases.
Last month check was for $6,000.
Cost of living rates?
He is paying someone this
monthly expenses?
Alminia Perez.
A girl friend.
Any notation in the check ledger?
Cleaning services.
I clean house for Dr. Corliss.
He's very generous.
$6,000 a month.
You have questions?
You should talk to Dr. Corliss.
You have grand children, Miss Perez?
Yes. / Child proof latches
on the cabinets.
How old are they? One? Two?
My grandson is two and a half.
Two and a half?
And he plays super champion.
That's more for an older boy.
I have to go to work now.
Are you expecting someone?
You leave him alone, Miss.
He doesn't understand.
Hi, I'm Jimmy.
Jimmy, this is a friend of mine.
- I'm Alex.
- I like friends.
Super friends.
You like them?
Very much.
Sometimes I work with Batman.
Hang up your jacket Jimmy,
in your room.
He's James Corliss' son.
You've taken care of him for 17 years.
Dr. Corliss, he just
couldn't keep Jimmy.
His wife left.
He worked all the time.
And so he paid you
to raise his child,
and to keep his secret.
Last month I told Dr. Corliss
I can't do it anymore.
Jimmy is too big.
I wanna move to Florida
with my daughter and grandson.
Does Jimmy know who his parents are?
We look at pictures.
Does Dr. Corliss visit?
He's a very busy man.
Alminia, I'm hungry.
Can Alex stay for cookies?
James Corliss has
a mentally disabled son
he's kept secret 17 years?
And Corliss lost control during the debate
when Riggins brought up children.
Riggins found out about Jimmy.
Or Corliss thought he did.
And blamed Marjorie.
Interesting theory.
No proof, no witnesses.
Corliss finds out you met his son,
tough getting him to talk.
Not if he thinks we're going after
his archenemy, the Reverend.
Don't bring the man.
Visit his lab,
tell him we need him to
testify against Riggins.
Cal Riggins was using church funds
to pay for gay sex?
You had no idea?
It's not something
I would have kept quiet, is it?
Did Marjorie know?
We were hoping
maybe you could tell us.
You and Marjorie were both doctors.
Did you know each other
before the tour?
We are professional colleagues.
Did you ever go to
any conferences with her?
- Maybe overseas?
- It's possible.
Our fields overlap.
We went through her calendar.
The two of you were on
several panel discussions together.
Seattle, Boston.
Why would you hide that from us?
- What are you getting at?
- Well, you were single.
Marjorie was traveling
without her husband.
We even found out that two of you
in Venice together at a convention,
same hotel,
Venice is a romantic city.
Not for Marjorie.
Venice is a killer for anybody
with any kind of motion sickness.
Well, she could have taken Dramamine.
Not for labyrinthitis.
She said it was like the wallpaper
was crawling up the walls.
I tried to tell her to have the surgery.
But she wouldn't listen.
So you were more than colleagues.
- Did you talk about your son?
- Jimmy?
Alminia told me you came by.
You should have spoken
to me first, detective.
I didn't know you had a son
until I got there.
Cause you don't talk about him.
It's not on the book jackets
that you have a child.
Is it a secret?
It's private.
It's mine and his.
It's ours.
So you could handle it as long as
it was private.
That's not fair.
My wife and I fell apart,
after he was born.
I was single. I couldn't
take care of him properly.
You're not embarrassed
about Jimmy, are you?
I love my son.
I cried like a baby that day I knew
there was nothing we could do,
that all the science in the world
couldn't fix my child.
Were you angry at God for that?
No, there is no God.
What happens to us is
what happens to us.
And I might hate it
for Jimmy, for me.
But It had nothing to do with God.
Then when Riggins said at the debate
that only God could help your son...
I lost it.
How dare that fanatic connect
my precious son to his made-up God.
What I don't get
is how Reverend Riggins
even found out you had a child.
I don't know.
They must have been digging for something
they could use on me.
That's not it.
Marjorie knew about Jimmy,
didn't she?
Yes. I told her.
Years ago, it was very difficult time.
And she was there for me.
Did you ever wonder how a woman
with a scientific mind could
end up with a man like Riggins?
These men are cons.
I begged her not to marry him.
You wanted her to marry you,
help raise your son.
We were just friends.
You, you mean that she
rejected you for Riggins.
That she rejected your science
for his faith.
And then, the ultimate betrayal is
that she told him about Jimmy
and your pain and guilt.
How could she do that to you?
Look, I've done this a lot.
If you confess, it feels better.
So, after the melee,
you confronted her?
I just wanted to know
why she told him.
So I took her shoulders
and I shook her.
She said she wanted Cal
to feel sympathy for me.
That if he understood
what I suffered,
he'd have compassion.
Instead of using Jimmy
to taunt me,
to hurt me.
So you hurt her.
How long did you shake her for?
Until her head hit the wall.
And I saw her eyes
and she was...
And so I dropped her.
PREACHER PAID FOR GAY SEX
Detective, the ME just called.
You should get down there.
Detective.
He had your card in his coat.
That's not my brother.
It's my coat, it's not my brother.
I guess he sold it to somebody.
It's OK, I gave it to him.
He can sell it if he wants to.
Well, everybody needs money, right?
Thanks.
자막제작 - NSC 자막팀
(http://club.nate.com/tsm)
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org